About-
The ultimate aim of a warrior is power. Power in body, mind and spirit. At Knockout we want to bring out your best. So that you can live an epic life. We want you to overcome your obstacles and fears, shatter your limits and achieve greater heights than you ever thought possible. That is what we mean, when we say ‘’making people powerful’’

Knockout is the largest Martial Arts gym chain in India with 15+ branches. Athletes from Knockout’s team have gone on to becoming national and international level champions
Knockout has trained lakhs of people in real world self-defence and workedwith government bodies like the police as well as NGOs
Knockout offers a wide variety of classes such as Boxing, Kickboxing, Muay Thai, BJJ etc in a convenient schedule that allows you to choose between mornings/evenings weekdays/weekends
Knockout has received several awards including the best Martial Arts academy in North India and has been featured in several media platforms


Our Mission
Knockout’s mission is to make people powerful in body, mind and spirit using authentic martial arts training.

We do this by creating a safe and supportive environment where people get to learn directly from the best teachers in the world.

phar(Our goal is to empower individuals through the practise of true martial arts. We achieve this by establishing a secure and encouraging environment where individuals may study directly from the top instructors on the planet.)




Our Goal
We offer a platform for beginners (people without any experience at all) as well as professional athletes who want to take their game to the next level.

All age groups are welcome. Knockout has worked hard on its quality standards, so you can expect world class Martial Arts training at our gyms.

phar(We provide a platform for both amateur athletes and professional athletes who desire to advance their careers. Everyone of any age is welcome. You can anticipate top-notch martial arts instruction at our clubs because Knockout has worked hard to improve its quality standards.)



Philosophy
Any animal that can not fight does not last on this planet for a long time.

Then there are levels beyond just physics fighting. You must fight for their dreams. You must fight for what they believe in. You must fight against bad habits and weaknesses. You must fight to become the best version of yourself



Services-
"Some do to earn, some do to show,
some do to grow, but only some to do for more."
phar("Some do it to show off, some do it to grow, but only some do it for more," the saying goes.)

“We don't believe in dreaming
we believe in working hard to achieve that dream.”
phar(We believe in putting in the necessary effort to realise our dreams rather than just daydreaming.)

"Everyone thinks of changing the world
but no one thinks of changing themselves"
phar(The world is something that everyone wants to change, but nobody ever considers changing themselves.)


"Hit your every kick like the last kick of your life"
phar(Be as aggressive as though it were your final kick.)


train each and everyone who has a passion for Mix Martial Arts.
create an awareness of the craziest sports.
give his best to every student and their training.
give a platform to passionate people for combat sports.
make "I can" from "I can't“
